Update "Feature guide" documentation (#1595)
Respect/Validation: docs/feature-guide.md

        #[Between(18, 120)]
        public int $age,
        #[Length(new GreaterThan(1))]
        public string $name,
    ) {
    }
}

// Validate everything at once
v::attributes()->assert($user);
```

### Result composition

Validators can wrap others and combine their results into a single, coherent message. The outer validator provides context (what was extracted), and the inner validator provides the validation (what was expected).

```php
v::all(v::intType())->assert(['1', '2', '3']);
// → Every item in `["1", "2", "3"]` must be an integer

v::length(v::greaterThan(3))->assert('abc');
// → The length of "abc" must be greater than 3

v::min(v::positive())->assert([3, 1, 0, -5]);
// → The minimum of `[3, 1, 0, -5]` must be a positive number

v::max(v::positive())->assert([-1, -2, -3]);
// → The maximum of `[-1, -2, -3]` must be a positive number

v::size('MB', v::not(v::greaterThan(5)))->assert('path/to/file.zip');
// → The size in megabytes of "path/to/file.zip" must not be greater than 5

v::dateTimeDiff('years', v::greaterThan(18))->assert('2025');
// → The number of years between now and "2025" must be greater than 18
```

### Prefixed shortcuts

> For convenience, several prefixed shortcuts are available for validators that wrap other validators:

Author: That would be difficult, because there are multiple mixing classes. I think we could create a page with the prefixes, though. What do you think?

> For convenience, several prefixed shortcuts are available for validators that wrap other validators:

Author: I just added a markdown with it. I haven't fully reviewed it though.

- Validating the **Minimum** value in the input: [Min](validators/Min.md).
- Handling **Special cases**: [Lazy](validators/Lazy.md), [Circuit](validators/Circuit.md), [Call](validators/Call.md).

## Customizing error messages

Respect\Validation provides several ways to customize error messages to better fit your application's needs.

### Using custom templates

Define your own error message when the validation fails:

```php
v::between(1, 256)->assert($input, '{{subject}} is not what I was expecting');
```

> ### Custom templates per rule

Reviewer: Are going back? :D

v::alnum()->lowercase()->assert(
    $input,
    fn(ValidationException $exception) => new DomainException('Username: '. $exception->getMessage())
);
```

## Naming validators

Template messages include the placeholder `{{subject}}`, which defaults to the input. Use the `named()` validator to replace it with a more descriptive label:

```php
v::named('Your email', v::email())->assert($input);
// → Your email must be a valid email
```

## Reusing validators

> The `ValidatorBuilder` is immutable—every time you add a new validator to the chain, you get a new instance while the original remains unchanged. This makes validators safe to create once and reuse:

Reviewer: We almost never use em dashes, it feels weird to have one here.

```suggestion
The `ValidatorBuilder` is immutable. Every time you add a new validator to the chain, you get a new instance while the original remains unchanged. This makes validators safe to create once and reuse:
```

$validator->assert('alexandre gaigalas');
```

> Every time you add a new rule to the chain, a new validator is created. That means you can do things like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time you add a new node to the chain, a new immutable instance is created. That means you can do things like:
```

```php
$baseValidator = v::intType()->between(1, 155);

$baseValidator->even()->assert($input1);

$baseValidator->odd()->assert($input2);
```

Both the `even()` and `odd()` calls created a new validator, which means that the `$baseValidator` remained unchanged.

## Advanced features

### Inverting validators

Use the `not` prefix to invert a validator:

```php
v::notEquals('main')->assert($input);
```

### Nested validation paths

> Validation can trace the path of nested structures and display helpful messages:

Reviewer: There was a short introduction to paths before in this document, I left a comment about lacking context. Maybe we can remove it and replace for an anchor to this more in-depth part.
